Report to the Queen's men that Shiyun collaborated with the enemy and betrayed the country
The Empress of Taiqing made a statement
The empress heard the emperor and the generals of the nations set up altars
Shi Yun was loyal to Xuan Nation
Could it be that you made a mistake?
Report to the Queen
The subordinates are definitely not broken.
I heard the other party call the name of the Emperor with my own ears.
What's more, my subordinates have followed the Emperor for many years
How could he not hear the voice of the Warlord?
Nonsense
The emperor has been in retirement for many years and has been taking care of you
Not at the base at all
You are clearly lying
Master framed the guard
But to be killed
A little soldier
Would you risk your life on innocence?
The queen is reused by the queen
The empress is even more convinced of the war emperor
The Queen definitely doesn't believe what her subordinates say
Queen I Yingyi
distinguish right from wrong
Never cover traitors
Please also ask the queen
Say something.
I believe the emperor will betray his country
But if the Warlord really betrayed the country
I will also be severely punished
But now there are only witnesses
It's not enough to prove that the account emperor swallowed the bottom
Hello, I know you've lost faith in the times
But the stakes are high
Must be put in jail for use